README.md, before:

# Android Boot Camp
Building a weather forecast app with [Imperial College App Society][icappsoc-home]. Based on Udacity course [Developing Android Apps][udacity-course] by Google.

The source code you see here covers the content of the first four sessions.

View walkthrough presentations:

1. [Session One 09/02/2015][session-one-pres]
2. [Session Two 16/02/2015][session-two-pres]
3. [Session Three 23/02/2015][session-three-pres]
4. [Session Four 02/03/2015][session-four-pres]
5. [Session Five 09/03/2015][session-five-pres]

[udacity-course]: https://www.udacity.com/course/ud853
[icappsoc-home]: http://www.icappsoc.co.uk/
[session-one-pres]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1l6XyujVShPlm7o99fuhKjRVa5IU42PwaBmY_zWC9rnU/edit?usp=sharing
[session-two-pres]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1173W9AhzKrOX0dNnBxR2toxLnwRUVtrfIlnkDgdirc8/edit?usp=sharing
[session-three-pres]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10jNiZuMKi62coB9PSn5BjkRUpPzXRrWsKSYnZYrtVIY/edit?usp=sharing
[session-four-pres]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1W3KnNeXr9PGbns8hMbl8ZYMcnWIQco3Tvgmxe2NuQP4/edit?usp=sharing
[session-five-pres]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1kpGg0ZdOWZidskSUXUh2gkL6KuUZklLzEefn_2ul2Io/edit?usp=sharing

Commit message:

Update README with link to final session presentation.

README.md, after:

# Android Boot Camp
Building a weather forecast app with [Imperial College App Society][icappsoc-home]. Based on Udacity course [Developing Android Apps][udacity-course] by Google.

The source code you see here covers the content of all six sessions.
(See individual branches for content covered in each session.)

View walkthrough presentations:

1. [Session One 09/02/2015][session-one-pres]
2. [Session Two 16/02/2015][session-two-pres]
3. [Session Three 23/02/2015][session-three-pres]
4. [Session Four 02/03/2015][session-four-pres]
5. [Session Five 09/03/2015][session-five-pres]
6. [Session Six 16/03/2015][session-six-pres]

[udacity-course]: https://www.udacity.com/course/ud853
[icappsoc-home]: http://www.icappsoc.co.uk/
[session-one-pres]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1l6XyujVShPlm7o99fuhKjRVa5IU42PwaBmY_zWC9rnU/edit?usp=sharing
[session-two-pres]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1173W9AhzKrOX0dNnBxR2toxLnwRUVtrfIlnkDgdirc8/edit?usp=sharing
[session-three-pres]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/10jNiZuMKi62coB9PSn5BjkRUpPzXRrWsKSYnZYrtVIY/edit?usp=sharing
[session-four-pres]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1W3KnNeXr9PGbns8hMbl8ZYMcnWIQco3Tvgmxe2NuQP4/edit?usp=sharing
[session-five-pres]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1kpGg0ZdOWZidskSUXUh2gkL6KuUZklLzEefn_2ul2Io/edit?usp=sharing
[session-six-pres]: https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1hpMLKG8PnLJSD6HWCOGN1Vx7-46FEj61Nk1q8mFzizk/edit?usp=sharing
